good morning I'd like to do an unboxing
video today just to show what the
Cambridge Sciences star pad 7 tablet
looks like and in the box that it comes
in this is the box it comes in it's a
pretty sturdy looking box and it feels
really good
now it's got all the sort of labeling on
it to just describe what's inside with
the barcode and a serial number down
there let's open up the box inside is
the tablet and a user manual
I'll start one side the user manual is a
48 page document and it's pretty
detailed it's in it's in English it's in
English so it's not a sort of
translation from Chinese or anything
else like that it's also got pictures
inside so it's a step-by-step user
manual so it shows you how to basically
do different things on your tablet PC
and it gives you a step-by-step guide
with the illustrative pictures so it
makes it easier I mean she's got it
how it changes from display orientation
from landscape to portrait and vice
versa it also talks about how to use 3G
on the tablet and it shows you sort of
how to connect your 3G dongle to the
tablet that's to one side and what's
underneath here in here is it comes with
a leatherette folder sort of a
leatherette sort of case holder for your
tablet so this just slips in like that
so it's quite nice and handy to carry a
tablet around in this and it sort of
protects it it is quite it's padded as
well
so that's that it comes it's got a car
charger it comes with a five volt car
charger for those long journeys it comes
with a standard UK 3 pin 5 volt charger
it has the USB connector so for
connecting to your computer to transfer
files and music and it also comes with a
set of headphones to standard fitting
headphones so if you then look at the
tablet itself the ports on the tablet
that's the USB port we can connect
tablet to your computer that's the HDMI
port where you connect to your TV and it
comes with a full size USB port so that
you can connect a USB Drive directly to
the tablet like that you don't listen
you don't have any of the dongle
sticking out or anything like that and
then you've got the micro SD slot there
as well so you can slip in a micro SD
card just like that
okay so all in all that's prepped from a
presentation standpoint it just you know
it looks apart thank you